Game Theory can be applied in different ambit of Artificial Intelligence:
 		Multi-agent AI systems.
 		Imitation and Reinforcement Learning...
 		Adversary training in Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs).
Game Theory can also be used to describe many situations in our daily life and Machine Learning models ((Figure 1)).
For example, a Classification algorithm such as SVM (Support Vector Machines) can be explained in terms of a two-player game in which one player is challenging the other to find the best hyper-plane giving him the most difficult points to classify. The game will then converge to a solution which will be a trade-off between the strategic abilities of the two players (eg. how well the fist player was challenging the second one to classify difficult data points and how good was the second player to identify the best decision boundary).


Game Theory
Game Theory can be divided into 5 main types of games:
 		Cooperative vs Non-Cooperative Games: In cooperative games, participants can establish alliances in order to maximise their chances to win the game (eg. negotiations). In non-cooperative games, participants can't instead form alliances (eg. wars).
 		Symmetric vs Asymmetric Games: In a symmetric game all the participants have the same goals and just their strategies implemented in order to achieve them will determine who wins the game (eg. chess). In asymmetric games instead, the participants have different or conflicting goals.
 		Perfect vs Imperfect Information Games: In Perfect Information games all the players can see the other players moves (eg. chess). Instead, in Imperfect Information games, the other players' moves are hidden (eg. card games).
 		Simultaneous vs Sequential Games: In Simultaneous games, the different players can take actions concurrently. Instead in Sequential games, each player is aware of the other players' previous actions (eg. board games).
 		Zero-Sum vs Non-Zero Sum Games: In Zero Sum games, if a player gains something that causes a loss to the other players. In Non-Zero Sum games, instead, multiple players can take benefit of the gains of another player.
Different aspects of Game Theory are commonly used in Artificial Intelligence, I will now introduce you to the Nash Equilibrium, Inverse Game Theory and give you some practical examples.
If you are interested in implementing Game Theory Algorithms in Python, the Nashpy library is a good place where to start.
